Master Shen
What's the matter, are you going to propose to the prince?
When?
Where are you so poor that you need an atmosphere group?
Actually, I didn't think about it either.
Do you have any good ideas?
Well, you're asking the right person
I know a restaurant. It's a very good restaurant.
And then
Become hehe
You are reliable
Oh, Master Shen
I'll listen to you about work
Listen to me on emotional matters
Sister Shen
I promise to do it for you. The Great Wall is full of father-in-law
Hey, it's coming, it's coming.
Is that something on your head?
Uh, click ahead, click ahead
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
I have hair, hurry up, hurry up
Isn't there a ring for dessert?
What's wrong with your eye?